Readme.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2022

This repo tracks my advent of code solutions for 2022, each days work in contained it's own folder. 
See: [Advent of code](https://adventofcode.com/2022/about) 

*NB: Not flowing with the days, I try or tried to do as much as I can (Whenever you are looking at this, it may be in the year when 2122 I would be gone but know that I TRIED)*

## How it went?

I have been adding my experience for each day in my commits, decided it would be more fun to also put those here:

### Day 4

```
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 21:52:56 2022 +0100

    Day 4 solution part 1

    This took me longer than expected, I think a good 3
    hours spread across 2 days.

    WHY? I was looking fully contained section assigments
    across all group assignments.

    The problem grouped the assignments in parts and the check
    was only supposed be for each pair and not across pairs (my bad!).

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
```

### Day 3

```
commit b50cf16f8221196643372b1110fee2bf77c0b31f
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 00:34:51 2022 +0100

    Day 3 solution part 2

    I am suprised part 2 was little disconnected from part 1.
    I mean, I was not able to simply continue with the work already
    done in part 1, weird.

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>

commit 5ceeb985f56ef0d9e36da3c075a6d4750fc2cd3c
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 23:17:45 2022 +0100

    Day 3 solution part 1

    Felt more straight-forward than day2
    
	Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
```

### Day 1

```
commit a17ca5c575220a23b7632630faaa4efbee4cd59c
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 23:10:21 2022 +0100

    Day 1 solution

    Quite straighforward!

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
```

Commit message:

Day 4 solution part 2
Some more thought could be put into this, I believe
generating ranges makes the algorithm significantly slower.

However, given how much time I spent on part 1 of this problem
in 211b0b7626e27c810cf3f7696fb57fc2b9f7c2ab I just want to get past day 4.

Mind you, it's day 7.

Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>

Readme.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2022

This repo tracks my advent of code solutions for 2022, each days work in contained it's own folder. 
See: [Advent of code](https://adventofcode.com/2022/about) 

*NB: Not flowing with the days, I try or tried to do as much as I can (Whenever you are looking at this, it may be in the year when 2122 I would be gone but know that I TRIED)*

## How it went?

I have been adding my experience for each day in my commits, decided it would be more fun to also put those here:

### Day 4

```
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 22:19:17 2022 +0100

    Day 4 solution part 2

    Some more thought could be put into this, I believe
    generating ranges makes the algorithm significantly slower.

    However, given how much time I spent on part 1 of this problem
    in 211b0b7626e27c810cf3f7696fb57fc2b9f7c2ab I just want to get past day 4.

    Mind you, it's day 7.

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>

Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 21:52:56 2022 +0100

    Day 4 solution part 1

    This took me longer than expected, I think a good 3
    hours spread across 2 days.

    WHY? I was looking fully contained section assigments
    across all group assignments.

    The problem grouped the assignments in parts and the check
    was only supposed be for each pair and not across pairs (my bad!).

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
```

### Day 3

```
commit b50cf16f8221196643372b1110fee2bf77c0b31f
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 00:34:51 2022 +0100

    Day 3 solution part 2

    I am suprised part 2 was little disconnected from part 1.
    I mean, I was not able to simply continue with the work already
    done in part 1, weird.

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>

commit 5ceeb985f56ef0d9e36da3c075a6d4750fc2cd3c
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 23:17:45 2022 +0100

    Day 3 solution part 1

    Felt more straight-forward than day2
    
	Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
```

### Day 1

```
commit a17ca5c575220a23b7632630faaa4efbee4cd59c
Author: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 23:10:21 2022 +0100

    Day 1 solution

    Quite straighforward!

    Signed-off-by: Fon E. Noel NFEBE <fenn25.fn@gmail.com>
```
